Hansel and Gretel ~ Bedtime Stories for Kids


Once upon a time a brother and sister named Hansel
and Gretel lived in a hut in the woods with their
father.  Their father was a poor woodcutter.  His
wife, their mother, had died when the two children
were very young. Their father thought he would not
be lonely anymore when he finally re-married.  But
the new stepmother made life very hard for Hansel
and Gretel.  The children were not allowed to eat
until after the stepmother had taken everything she
wanted off the plates.  Most of the time, there was
only a crust of bread left.  And all day long were
hard chores for them to do.

Hansel and Gretel tried to tell their father about
this but he would not hear of it.  It seemed the
only one he would listen to was his wife.  And all
the stepmother talked about was how much trouble it
was to have children in the hut, and how much she
wished they would go away forever.

Each day there was less and less food for the boy
and girl to eat.  Yet the stepmother gave them more
and more hard work to do.  One day Gretel begged her
father, “Please, Father!  All day long we work hard
and we’re hungry!”  But the stepmother slapped her
face. “You ungrateful brats!" she yelled.  "You will
eat us out of house and home!